hi so there's been this little
conspiracy of brewing for a little movie
called Gotti if you have a movie pass
they pretty much bombarded you with
notifications telling you you gotta go
see this movie then it came out and I
got a zero percent on Rotten Tomatoes
now of course you know if you haven't
heard by now if you're an adult don't be
so worried about a tomato just go watch
whatever movie you want to watch but the
people behind God he decided to go out
and make this little ad calling out
critics as trolls behind keyboards and
reminding you that audiences loved Gotti
and then completely ignoring the fact
that it made like two mil at the box
office now I think that this is genius
right they pretty much baited critics to
you don't laugh at this because they're
being trolled out there they talked
about the movie a bunch of people
started Mima firing the movie but it's
when the conspiracy started coming out
that I had to become ellamy Watson up in
this thing right because it turns out
that you know while the representatives
for Gotti himself are crying wolf that
the critics are manipulating the system
that audiences truly do love it
when you check the Ryan tomatoes user
reviews it turns out this movie has the
same amounts of submissions as The
Incredibles so y'all are telling me that
the long-awaited Pixar film that made
180 million dollars at the box office
has the same amount as Gotti's there's
no way audiences love it that much these
fools are tampering you then start to
notice that a lot of the accounts who
were reviewing gaudy positively were
created that same week and many also
reviewed another movie called American
animals which is another movie pass
funded movie now I don't know what's
funnier movie pass rushing people to go
see a movie with movie pass meaning
they're paying for their own movie the
conspiracy of them faking reviews and
buying out theaters or the what about
how this movie is actually a laundering
scheme for the mob but then it didn't
make enough so um they don't they don't
know how to launder this money now of
course I needed to check this out for
myself since audiences love Gotti but as
some of you have noted I don't even
watch movies I just download the
trailers read the Wikipedia pages but
this one this one has a hit out on it
right till it's nowhere to be found
online which means I actually have to go
out and see it so my cartoon self
decided to boot up my poof point machine
to turn me into a human being in order
to go out and experience this movie
[Music]
[Applause]
so I give Gotti a highly praised combo
price don't you eat don't even use your
movie pass for this movie take out a
loan go and get some tickets for your
entire family attend and enjoy this
massive stream it
it's a streaming I love me a good man
movie right all of these right here at
their fantastic movies and if you
haven't seen Goodfellas I don't
subscribe from this channel go out you
come back when you have but the thing
with daddy 2018 is that just because you
have a very intriguing person you're
covering that a they don't mean your
movies intriguing right like a Tupac's
movie look at J Edgar's movie look at
Amy Schumer's movie execution really is
everything but sometimes you get a movie
where they just execute themselves now I
do think that the movies kind of a
guilty pleasure cuz I was laughing a lot
in it right like people confuse good
movies with movies that they like you
can like a movie and it don't have to be
good this movie is not good but that
doesn't mean you can't like it it's
directed by II from Entourage so pretty
much the entire film just feels like
it's being shot in their Lots John
Travolta is playing John Travolta
playing John Gotti he completely ignores
the fact that Jesus opposed to move in
silence like lasagna and you're watching
this dude spend his time in jail for
like a majority of the movie there's
another dude in this movie who pulls a
spacey he pretends to be disabled in
public so people don't suspect him and
they don't Gotti on the other hand might
as well be taking selfies when he's
bopping dudes because his eagle was so
big he wanted to make sure everyone knew
about their scenes in this movie where
he yells at dudes for wearing mastering
hits saying you got to show yourself
there's a scene early on where he
there's a scene early on where he goes
to jail for murder is able to convince
the cops to drop him off at the dentist
dude goes into the dentist dips out the
back changes goes to kill a dude at a
motel comes back to the dentist to get
his fillings and just goes back to jail
audiences loved Gotti whenever you're
covering an Italian mobster movie of
course you know there's gonna be a heavy
focus on family which is why you get
that heartbreaking scene where in real
life he actually loses one of his kids
and um I'm sorry but it was hilarious in
the movie like what we're seeing which
is supposed to be a terrible accident is
real
justise 10 mile an hour car crash this
dude practically had his car on neutral
when he hit the kid if he was in a
school zone the crossing guard would
tell him to press on the gas and it's
somehow the kid ends up flinging like
three feet because he wasn't long and on
his bike there's another scene where his
older son gets into a fight just because
a dude offered him up free shots at a
bar which well you know what this one
makes complete sense because we all
stiff-armed the bath and Bodyworks guy
for offering free tea samples but
probably my favorite part in the movie
comes during a block party that they're
throwing Gotti's being all gangsta so
when the police come in they're like you
know what forget about it I'm not
turning this down they forget about it
they leave but there's a thing that they
do continuously in the scene where they
show you this fireworks footage because
it's the fourth of July and it literally
looks like this
they straight-up got those 3gp phone
files that everyone shoots on the 4th of
July and that we never see again and
they were like yeah let's use it for
this movie I've seen GoPro footage in
films I have never seen a movie used
motorola craze or footage
pitbull also does the album for this
movie which at first I thought wow this
man's getting credited for like three
songs for the entire now he actually he
actually composed the score for the
entire thing cuz he really is mr.
worldwide I did start listening to it
you know after the movie my man just
pretty much just listened to the
Godfather and replicated that but you
know it's cool to see an old dog learn
new tricks however in that same firework
scene you probably get the funniest
scene in the movie which is which is
them playing in that scene that song
that he made from Madagascar and like
it's not a part of the score it's
actually being played in the background
of this party people are interacting
with it people are dancing to it and the
year is 1981 overall it's an accurate
portrayal of the man who even defies
death towards the end of the movie when
he comes out and he thanks you for
watching it you know after you see this
entire film of his legacy and him dying
in jail because of his cancer Travolta
pulls a Mickey Mouse Club under the
Manhattan Bridge and he literally tells
the audience that they'll never see a
legend such as him in another 1000 years
and then walks off as a credits roll
because audiences love Gotti thank you
guys for checking out this video I'm
curious on a scale from hairspray to
grease lightening how much did you love
Gotti did you have your tickets to see
it again have you left your four
positive
using the tomato meter I'm curious to
know your thoughts it wasn't that bad I
think the whole story behind it is a lot
funnier than trying to make an ad
calling out critics who are also
audience members as well I'm not a
critic so I don't know where my mind
falls I do I become a critic since I
didn't fully love this I don't know go
watch it if it's out there for you don't
forget to comment like and subscribe and
you and a friend can enter for a chance
to win an exclusive round trip to the
gaudy dress